Tagging Concept:
When you tag @Smoke or @Regression, either scenarios with Smoke or Regression tag found will be executed
When you tag @Smoke and @Regression, then scenarios where cucumber finds both of these tags will be executed
When you tag "not @Smoke", this will skip scenarios which are tagged Smoke, but will execute the scenarios other than Smoke

Prerequisites:
Preerequisite scenarios are scenarios execute first before executing remainder of the scenarios. Because you want to initiate web browsers etc. you want
this step to be executed before you execute another codes.
Background keyword can be a common prerequiste to all the scenarios in feature file

Hooks:
Execute your scenarios before every scenarios.

Plugin: Generate Neat Reports
Pretty report keyword generate outputs reports.
"pretty", "html:target/cucumber.html"
Json report: same as html and it is also neat report
"json:target/cucumber.json"
Junit report - similar like Json and html
"junit:target/cukes.xml"

Jenkins Report:
Using junit we can use it as an input in jenkins' continuous integration tool and generate pie chart for this cucumber report

Monochrome Plugin: A neat attribute which will output a neat format

Strict Plugin: deprecated

Common Problems:
1. Write and maintain reusable code across the framework - with the help of step definition and regular expression context
2. Data drive the data into test case - Datatable helps to drive the data
3. Parameterize the test case -Using the help of Scenario outline.
4. 100 percent test coverage - Gherkin sceanrio
5. Run all test cases -Test Runner
6. Control the test execution few - Using Tags in cucumber and mention the same in testrunner
7. Separate common logic and test code Post and Pre requisite of the test - Hooks and Tags -/ Background

Handling Windows:
Set collection - we are using set collection types to store our windows.
Iterator - we are using Iterator method to retrieve those windows.

Picocontainer Dependencies - Create a constructor in your step definition class of a class which has the dependencies from cucumber picocontainer
Constructor initialize the variables in a single given class and those variables can be used across all your stepDefinition classes.